patrolling through the center larga
ranges the lead section come under fire
and they need assistance the scenarios
used to Train Lee's officer cadets are
exactly the same as those used in the
regular or territorial army so now after
coming under contact they must evacuate
their casualties safely and provide
covering fire there's no chance for rest
light on this exercise is turning
another corner brings on another ambush
a chance for the third-year cadets to
act as the enemy and test their first
year colleagues as testing their section
commanders however they can lead their
sections section attack they're doing a
casualty of active evacuation at the
same time so that made it a bit more
complicated and obviously it's testing
the first years a basic wing all their
skills and drills and things that
they've learned throughout the whole
year a high proportion of the trainers
for x2's uot sia from the TA with people
like myself people that i think about
coming out of the regulars you know you
have so much to give and offer your
knowledge and experience of life to
these young people whether it be young
offices or whether it be the TA so I
think you know if you are thinking about
coming out that the TA maybe that
stepping stone into civilian strip just
sort of so you keep the green side of it
but also financially as well until you
find that job occupy positions looking
towards the fob every year fifteen to
twenty percent of third-year students
here go on to commissioned into regular
or ta units and under future plans for
the British Armed Forces their role is
to become more important we're changing
the emphasis so up until now has been a
bit of a a club but now is getting a
little bit more serious and we're
looking for outputs so got all these
bright young graduates are doing
fantastic juries they're getting a
really good look at the armed services
so we're encouraging them actively now
I'm to go along and join the TA
affiliate themselves with the unit do
the JCC ought to go into the regular
army so both components are vitally
important for fr 20-24 these officer
cadets there's no doubt that getting the
chance of training places like this is
invaluable being able to come back from
a weekend out in the field and my
housemates just been sitting on the sofa
all weekend so you've done something bit
different and to have that feeling of
accomplishment it's really great it's
back to lectures now for these students
but many say they're already planning a
future military career Ali Gibson forces
me use Senna logger